Professor: Farideh Tadayon-Navabi
University: Arizona State University
Source:
https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/500103

Review 1:
The professor provides minimal interaction and takes no active role in teaching the material.

Review 2:
The course relies heavily on automatically graded assignments with no feedback. Other than monitoring your progress, the professor offers minimal engagement. For a class that involves programming, this hands-off approach is ineffective and frustrating. Students would benefit more from guided instruction and real opportunities to clarify problems.

Review 3:
There was a lot of reading, and lectures were kinda dry, but was overall very well spoken, and had respectable teaching techniques.

Review 4:
Very straightforward class. If you do the work, you'll do well. Prof. Navabi is there for the labs once a week, where she walks through the lab if you have any questions. Quizzes are once a week but you get 3 attempts. The main assignments are all through ZyBooks.

Review 5:
An online Zybook class with in person labs one per week. Not much help from her during the in person labs, help mostly comes form the TA's. Cannot say I learned anything by attending, she just codes and you sit there and copy. No explanation on the code or teaching what each individual line does. I would avoid

Review 6:
Horrible, just horrible. Literally did not provide any help the entire semester and had useless Community Day Live sessions. She only made the entire experience worse than it already is.

Review 7:
Terrible teacher. Do not take her.

Review 8:
Best CS professor i have ever taken

Review 9:
The test are pretty much straight forward but do start on the assignments early and do not procrastinate

Review 10:
Zybooks is easy. Her lab is helpful because she gives slideshows on previous readings if you missed one, so you can kind of catch up at the beginning of each lab. If your confident, just come to lab 30 minutes late. She's yaps a lot but other than that she's okay.