Professor: Joshua Daymude
University: Arizona State University
Source:
https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2813800

Review 1:
Dr. Daymude is one of the most talented professors at ASU. He has devised a curriculum that breaks down a complicated subject into digestible chunks in which the most important aspects are revisited at specific points in the semester. His class is not something you will forget about soon after you finish it.

Review 2:
Incredible professor! Grading is clear, lectures are as engaging as it can get for a class riddled with proofs. Singlehandedly made me enjoy proofs. Assignments are reasonable and helpful. Understands the purpose of the class and there is little shame in asking questions. Prof was given a round of applause on the last day of the semester!

Review 3:
This class is hard, but if you watch the video lectures beforehand (hybrid setup, video lectures are before class, then he goes over the material in class), then you will be fine. Most amazing professor I have ever had, if you want to actually learn in this class, please take him.

Review 4:
Great class. Some of the graders do not know how to grade the problem sets properly and/or reasonably.

Review 5:
Geniunely the best professor I've had so far at ASU. Wasn't looking forward to this class, but he makes it super enjoyable and is amazing at breaking down concepts. The only thing I'm not a fan of so far is students grading each other's work.

Review 6:
Easily the best instructor I've had at ASU. His lectures were clear and informative and the homework did a great job of supplementing and reinforcing the material. It's abundantly clear that he cares about his students and their experience. It was incredibly refreshing in a program that seems to care more about pumping people through for profit.

Review 7:
Nice guy, lots of watching and reading though. If you put in the work you will get the grade you deserve.

Review 8:
One of my favorite ASU professors so far. Incredibly organized and a great lecturer, which is important for this course. Easy to reach outside of class and even made changes in response to student feedback. Great example of a professor who truly cares about students and their learning. Highly recommend.

Review 9:
Daymude saved trifecta at ASU!! Tests/grades are easy, but homework consistently takes a lot of time throughout the semester. Just note that this whole class could be summed up in 1 hour, it's just a truckload of word salad so please only take it if you have to. Genuinely academic brainrot.

Review 10:
daymude the goat! he is a really good instructor, and he really really cares about his students. i wish all professors...... linear algebra professors... were like him
