Professor: Ryan Meuth
University: Arizona State University
Source:
https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1837088

Review 1:
Probably the most organized online course I've ever taken. Material is presented in an easy-to-understand manner through ZyBooks. ZyBooks can be wordy at times though, so just make sure to leave time to read through it. The questions and practice scatter in between the reading help comprehension. If you're not sure, the discuss board can help a lot

Review 2:
i prayed to gods i dont belive in before the exams and i think thats why i got an a so highly recommend

Review 3:
So so so so much work omg. Content isn't hard but I had to spend up to 30 hours per week on the reading activities but if you have that time it won't be hard.

Review 4:
Way too much emphasis on Exams and less emphasis on actually programming and projects. Zybooks can take hours upon hours and is not much of you grade.

Review 5:
I never met the guy until CSE 205, the TAs taught CSE 110. Readings are from hell and insane. They tell you 3.5 hours a week, it would take me 10 and I watched several friends with learning disabilities spend like 30 a week on the readings alone. Just never EVER let them accumulate; you will fail, no questions asked.

Review 6:
Professor doesn't come to class, TAs teach it. The class is self taught basically because it is an online textbook so if you are new to coding, make sure to actually learn it and not short cut your way.

Review 7:
This course was not hard but it was just way too many assignment's that needed to be self taught. The way this class and CSE205 works is online based and you would get a writing code and reading activity that includes mcq and writing code every week. Make sure to do them on time to not suffer the consequences because they easily build up fast

Review 8:
The course design on Canvas was easy to navigate, but there was a significant amount of homework due, especially during breaks. Unlimited attempts, but I speedrun it because it's so much. In & out of my head. Tests have study guides w/o explanations. They banned copy-paste to "prevent cheating," so you sometimes have to retype your own code.

Review 9:
This class is self paced online which may not be everyone's preferred learning style. Meuth does an amazing job explaining topics on an easy level and is well respected but he did get a bit annoyed at times. Grades were entirely based on in-person assessment days, but he has given us more than enough extra assessment days.

Review 10:
The entire course is through an online program and there is basically no contact from the professors. When lab got cancelled, they wouldn't email. You get a cheat sheet for tests but the tests are hard to study for. Not a hard class but its set up horribly and you basically take it on your own with no help from professors.