Professor: James Gordon
University: Arizona State University
Source:
https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2844149

Review 1:
Somehow makes this trifecta class a joke. Maybe 3 of the lectures ever were useful other than that he's just killing time. Didn't learn that much in class but projects taught a decent amount. Not much homework. Cakewalk compared to what I've heard about Bazzi.

Review 2:
I highly recommend Professor Gordon. CSE 330 felt much more manageable and stress free because of his teaching style. His lectures were clear and easy to understand, projects were explained well.

Review 3:
Professor Gordon was amazing throughout the semester. His projects were clearly explained, the class was very organized, and he was always available to answer questions. He made difficult concepts easier to understand and genuinely cared about helping students succeed. Highly recommend taking his class.

Review 4:
Amazing professor overall. His projects were always clearly explained, and the expectations were very straightforward. He was consistently available to answer questions and genuinely wanted students to understand the material. The class was well organized, and you could tell he cared about helping everyone succeed.

Review 5:
Professor Gordon gives great lectures and is a very flexible, caring person. He is accessible outside of class via Zoom to answer questions. Don't skip his lectures; he goes in depth on most assignments to make them as easy as possible to follow, and he frequently shares his industry experience regarding the topics he teaches.

Review 6:
Gordon is a great prof at ASU. Probably one of the best I've had. He cares about us more than just how we're doing in the class. Projects and homeworks often got extended. Often asks if there are any questions and is willing to make sure someone understands the topic before moving on. Wear any team jersey to get extra props from him.

Review 7:
I highly recommend prof Gordon, CSE 340 was easy with his class, stress free, his lectures are easy to understand, grading is clear because gradescope has auto grading, you get multiple attempts to submit project till deadline.

Review 8:
I would recommend this prof, he is very caring, he is always down to help you, reply to mails asap, his lectures are very easy understanding, would love to take his class again!!!!!!

Review 9:
Professor Gordon is one of the best professors I've had. He makes the course manageable with extra credit, clear project walkthroughs, and exam reviews that match the test. He explains concepts well, responds to emails, and is overall very understanding. I would definitely recommend taking his class.

Review 10:
Professor Gordon is honestly one of the best professors I've had. He makes CSE 330 and 340 way easier to get through with extra credit, really helpful project walkthroughs, and exam reviews that actually match what's on the test. He explains things clearly, responds to emails, and is just a chill, understanding professor overall. Take him for both.