Professor: David Claveau
University: Arizona State University
Source:
https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1674624

Review 1:
My Exam scores were lowered during Finals Week without any notification, luckily I noticed and spoke up but it was very frustrating. I would've finished with a C but got a D because of it. Dr. Claveau blamed the graders and called it small adjustments. Grading is split across platforms and his TAs only show up during Exams, he's very unorganized!

Review 2:
One of the few CS professors that won't make you hate what you love. He is very passionate about what he teaches and while he can be a little awkward at times he is very likeable and wants to make sure his students are actually learning. I wish he taught all of my classes.

Review 3:
Took Claveau for 240, 340 and 355. He's a pretty funny guy and he's really good at breaking down complicated material into something more digestible for my smooth brain. He was alright for 240 but personally I think he excels in teaching more abstract concepts like the ones presented in 340 and 355. Overall W prof, just wish he taught CSE330.

Review 4:
The semester long project is so dreadful as in everything you learn has little to do with the project (not prof fault). You get to choose between JUCE (C++) or a JavaFX (Java) framework. Every relies weather you get a good team or not. He does give feedback every week on your project. 2 assignments, 4 sprints, weekly quiz, and 2 exams. Easy class!

Review 5:
I liked this prof... was fun and entertaining. had some weird humor but was funny.. some people found him weird but dudes not that weird as people described him... was easy to talk to and get help. the class was also easy, no zybooks 1 assignment per week and random 1 quiz per week.

Review 6:
Dr. Claveau is one of the worst CS profs at ASU, he clearly favors girls in the class and won't even let kids go to the bathroom during an exam even if it's an emergency. Unlike Gordon who's tests are 10x easier, Claveau's tests are way harder than he makes them seem. I'm sure bro wrote most of the good ratings and reported most if the bad ones.

Review 7:
He makes jokes and that's about it. His tests are way harder than he projects with most kids getting 80% or less. If you really wanna learn this sh, take Gordon. Unlike Claveau's weekly assignments, Gordon only got 4 in the entire semester.

Review 8:
Super good professor, if you put work into the class it is not too hard to get an A. There are quizzes in class sometimes but he drops the lowest 3 and I was able to easily answer all of them correctly. I will say the midterm and final were pretty difficult, but he gives alright prep materials for it.

Review 9:
Finally, an actual teacher at ASU. He lectures in a very traditional style with slides and walking around that is at times difficult to follow if it's complicated. However, he is very accessible to asking questions and explaining concepts. By the end of the class you'll wonder why you struggled. Apply yourself! He really cares about his students.

Review 10:
Claveau is one of the best professors in the CS department at ASU. My main advice is to attend his lectures; he tends to break down concepts through example than by exact definition, so reading lecture slides isn't always helpful. Tests are relatively reflective of the assignments, but still ensure you understand concepts thoroughly.
