Professor: Xuerong Feng
University: Arizona State University
Source:
https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1167426

Review 1:
3 exams, homeworks and recitations(hw's). She's difficult, strong accent making it hard to understand, doesn't reply to emails, TA's are better to get doubts cleared. Exams get tougher as you go. She doesn't curve but does give extra credit. Going to class is important. Exams are like recitation difficulty, hw's are harder.

Review 2:
bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad

Review 3:
Professor Feng understands data structures very deeply and expects students to truly learn and understand the material to pass the class. The course can be challenging, and she has zero tolerance for cheating. If you want to genuinely learn data structures and algorithms, she is a great professor.

Review 4:
I really enjoyed the course, everything was well organized and easy to follow. Make sure to stay on top of things and ask questions in the discussion board early on. Nothing too overwhelming

Review 5:
This class is not Mac friendly at ALL and the projects feel like they have little to nothing to do with course material and are difficult and unnecessary - especially if the class is taken as mandatory. Feng creatively used the word "rewarding" as a way to describe the feeling after completing a project, it should have been RELIEF from stress.

Review 6:
the most frustrating class I have taken. A frustrated professor/TA's when we are collectively confused & don't understand them, difficult / complicated tutorials, lots of figure it out on your own stuff. Programs are also nitpicky and no curved grading, the only thing we have that is considered grace is the extra credit quizzes. 0/10

Review 7:
For those transferring in from the Maricopa Community Colleges, beware. I transferred in from Mesa CC and I thought I had a solid understanding with C++ but when it came to the assignments (programming assignments) they were brutal. It seems like what we were taught in CC does not really live up to Feng's expectations.

Review 8:
Challenging class but easily the best CS professor at ASU and I learned a ton. She's blunt/straightforward, but her handwritten notes make lectures engaging and do an excellent job preparing you for assignments and exams. The exams are very fair and align well with the difficulty of recitations.

Review 9:
Not the easiest class, would recommend other professors if you want to coast, but there are extra credit quizzes are available and you end up learning a lot if you put in effort!

Review 10:
Content is deceptively difficult, made harder to understand by the professor's accent and bad handwriting. Exams aren't curved. Extra credit quizzes are available, but passwords are only given in-person, and sharing them with other students is a punishable offense. She turned off the grade calculation in Canvas so you need to do it yourself.