Professor: Ming Zhao
University: Arizona State University
Source:
https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2095554

Review 1:
Hard class. Don't take if you don't want to put the effort in. Very rewarding and you'll get a lot out of it if you actually spend time to learn material/do the projects legit. I probably learned the most from this class out of any of my upper level/grad classes. Grading is tough and lectures can be hard to follow, but expectations are clear.

Review 2:
CSE 330 under Dr. Zhao is extremely tough--not so much the workload but the pitch-perfect performance required to do well. But you'll learn a lot. He takes the time to remember everyone's names. His lectures make a lot of sense. His tests and pop quizzes are super hard. Do the right thing--study, ask good questions, focus--you'll be fine.

Review 3:
If you really had to take Dr Z, here's my advice - Go to class. He puts in effort to know his students, going to class means he recognizes you meaning if you go to him asking for help, he will help you. He checks in with students personally, i can say that the students who attends his class, he wants them to succeed, overall still difficult.

Review 4:
Dr. Z is okay. His tests are very hard, takes pop quizzes which equates to participation points, hard deadlines, no extension on projects, lectures are hard to understand too, midterm avg was 42% doesnt curve, he had to give EC because of how students were doing. The course is very fun but he made it not fun for me, could've been much better.

Review 5:
I went into the final exam thinking I wouldn't pass and scored below average on the midterm, but Professor Zhao invites students personally to office hours to review mistakes. There is a bonus quiz and a lot of extra credit opportunities. If you put in the effort, you can earn an A. Professor Zhao truly cares about his students.

Review 6:
I was apart of Gordon's class for 330. I can respect a no-curve policy with the idea of wanting students to master a topic instead of relying on curves for good grades but when the whole class does generally bad then it begins to be a question of how well the professor taught. Exams are a nightmare of MAQs that are often very specific.

Review 7:
Disappointing class. Claim to offer comprehensive materials, but almost every assignment was graded with no feedback. It could take 8 hours just to have a post on EdD approved, let alone get staff response. Many assignments were not graded within 1 week. Autograder for projects is great effort but not bug free. A for effort, F for execution.

Review 8:
This class had a test that averaged a 42% across all sections and zhao refused to add a curve to the test saying it "reflected mastery of the subject", on this test no singular person got a grade above 86%

Review 9:
The tests in this class are so stupid, literally designed to make you fail, unfortunately Zhao lacks common reasoning and logic, seems to want his students to fail/struggle. His "TA's" aren't as helpful either. Even 230 (which is horrible, if you know you know) was ran better than this. The only thing that is comparable is zaddy Lynn Carter.

Review 10:
CONCEPTS EASY, TESTS ACTUALLY UNFAIR. I wasn't even in his section, but since he's the department chair, Alpha Z actually bullies other teachers for advocating for his students. Both the midterm and bonus quiz are worth an average of 50%. If he can actually get a 95% on his test i will eat my words and say this class is ok.