Professor: Subbarao Kambhampati
University: Arizona State University
Source:
https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1661785

Review 1:
Review for 574. Rao has a big ego and cares a lot about the material he's teaching(especially his own work) but not so much for his students' success. He would habitually go 20 min over a scheduled 3 hour class. However, he is a great lecturer and knows a ton about AI and you will learn a lot in his class if you care. 3 hour lecture was brutal tho.

Review 2:
The only class which I felt was worth it!

Review 3:
This was easily the hardest class I took in my 5 years at ASU. It was also probably the single most rewarding on a personal level. Rao pours his heart and soul into this class, and it shows. Go into this class treating it like a 6 credit class that also gives you 6 credits of value. Your grade will be *much* better than the numbers suggest.

Review 4:
I think this is the only subject where I have learnt something and is worth the tuition fee that you pay. It is definitely lecture heavy and has at least 4 coding projects but they all tested t your knowledge. Don't take this course unless you want to put in efforts and are really interested in AI.

Review 5:
This is a hard class. The graders were power hungry and cruel, riding off the high of giving 0's on problems that you get 90% right. The saving grace is Rao himself. He is funny and good at explaining concepts, and your final grade in the class will be better than you expect, but you will want to die the entire time you're taking it.

Review 6:
Gave a ridiculously long final exam that was entirely online but since it was during finals week, we were essentially screwed. Do not take this professor ever - he does not care and will ensure that you get obscure trick questions that rely entirely on edge cases to get any credit at all.

Review 7:
The professor mostly just talked about himself and how AI is going to impact the world. He did not seem to actually know the Math that well behind the topics (he would just handwave formulas that he couldn't prove himself). On top of this, he made many rude comments towards certain groups of students. The exam questions usually had multiple answers

Review 8:
This is one of the best courses I have taken so far. Best thing about professor is that he focuses on WHY instead of HOW. Grading includes projects, homeworks, exams and so many other things. All the lectures are recorded and available on YouTube.

Review 9:
Great knowledge and presentation skills. Does not explain concepts directly(anecdotal). Students are expected to derive understanding. Homework and projects require work and their difficulty is moderate, nothing scary. Participation is important. His class requires dedication, respect, and diligence. If you can afford the work, DEFINITELY 10/10.

Review 10:
He's hilarious, makes the class real fun and inspiring. Knows the subject well. A little intimidating, but approachable nonetheless. Gives relevant homework and projects. Participation matters.