Professor: Justin Selgrad
University: Arizona State University
Source:
http://ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2042001

Review 1:
He's fine. Goes on tangents often, but the class structure allows for it so it's not a big deal. Went past the end time for lectures often. Attendance issues at the end of the semester caused him to add pop-quizzes for attendance credit, 3% of the course grade, while he missed 2 weeks of classes earlier in the semester due to personal conflicts.

Review 2:
Justin selgrad is an amazing professor ! My biggest tip: follow along with the in class lectures. He genuinely teaches the material very well but if you don't follow along in class it makes assignments significantly harder. He teaches this class very well and overall has a lot of experience in the gaming field to help you along your way as well.

Review 3:
The assignments probably prepare you for the next CS classes. It is actually probably my fault I had to save my grade at the end of the semester. But none of that's important. He's annoying and he plays League Of Legends, and I wish I could have had another 240 teacher.

Review 4:
He is a fair grader but lots of assignments and coding knowledge is required. He likes to ramble about useless stuff, and is sometimes annoyingly passive agressive about things, but overall not the worst ive seen. He was very nice in granting extentions and extra credit. Wouldn't take again but mostly cuz i don't like the compsci stuff.

Review 5:
Great Professor for ASU 101. The class overall is a fake class and as such he has little care for the actual content as any professor should. He is very attentive and is always asking if anyone needs support. For a chill ASU 101, take him.

Review 6:
Odd professor with very odd TAs. TA Lulu is known for throwing temper tantrums in class and at students, and doesn't give helpful advice. Professor Selgrad and staff constantly complain about the staff shortage, but give the most complicated coding assignments of any 310 class. "Do not expect to get help on homework in this class": TA Mohsen.

Review 7:
Female in the class complained about group member's sexism, removing her credit. He said it's to be expected in CS, that women in stem is a slogan not reality, “sadly”. Made a lot of other weird comments, like him not paying coders or artists he hired. I've seen other posts online about his poor behavior as recent as last year.

Review 8:
I'm not the brightest in CS at all but I can say that this class is worth it and will prepare u for that trifecta especially if u take the assignments seriously!! I barely finished mine towards the end but he seriously makes u practice things that I've seen other 240 classes no do like makefile, mem leaks, etc. so it's hard can be so worth it.

Review 9:
Regardless of pasting my code from an another workspace violated academic integrity, I have done my code in vs code to test for debugging before I pasted it over to my workspace for submission and I have received a violation that I consider is unfair for me just pasting my code because they do not tell you why not to do it.

Review 10:
Lectures started 20 minutes late so I could take my time and read up on anything and everything cpp related. When the lecture started it felt like a conversation, a mix of excellent information related to course material and real-world storytelling. The professor forces you to complete the assignments from scratch. 100% recommend.