Professor: Bharatesh Chakravarthi
University: Arizona State University
Source:
https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2920261

Review 1:
Class is super easy. Allows cheat sheet for exams, and project difficulty is just how lucky you get with the group.

Review 2:
Short quizzes held in-person every week. The socket project is super difficult and needs a lot of time. Labs take a while and often require you to go to Brickyard for hours, but can be done with a partner. HW and tests are reasonably challenging. Lectures are based on a free online resource. I found this class to be pretty okay with this professor

Review 3:
Very dry lectures. Does no examples so it is hard to practice. Yaps while staying on the same slide for 30 minutes. Exams are hard. Quizzes are hard. Labs are hard. Projects are hard. Everything is hard.

Review 4:
Dr. BC is extremely knowledgeable about Computer Networking and is very open to assisting students that may be falling behind. I would take him for every class if i could. You get a lot of information thrown at you so be ready. Get started early on the socket project because it is not something you can do 2 nights before.

Review 5:
If you choose this class, then you'll get: 1. in-class quiz without notification 2. in-class homework(or we should say classwork instead of homework) without notification 3. annoying assignments with no sense 4. simple concepts paired with overly complicated and unnecessary slides Just don't take this class.

Review 6:
Did attended all his lectures. He engage well with frequent recaps. The review sessions were helpful. Manageable number of assignments & quizzes.. I recommend 412 from Professor BC.

Review 7:
Great Prof! He makes it easy and no worries with the course.

Review 8:
One thing I really liked is the way he used PgAdmin to show querying and some sample applications with simple front end. Did learn from it and ended up with a cool database group project. The assignments in fact help improve query writing. Quizzes are super easy and the exams too if lectures are followed. He deserves a five star rating surely.

Review 9:
I did take both CSE 412 and 434! Awesome professor! He does teach well and brings good attention to the course and latest stuff! Course components are aligned with what he teaches and quiz's test your understanding although easy ones! He's very much approachable for anything related to the course and beyond! Great Professor overall!

Review 10:
Anyone complaining about the failing policy shouldn't be taken seriously. The tests were ridiculously easy, and for midterm 2 he told us exactly what would be on them (midterm 2). The final was also very easy, not to mention he allows a cheat sheet. Really nice guy that you can tell wants you to succeed and learn a lot. Approachable as well.